feat(backend,types,clerk-js,clerk-react): Add the `fva` sessionClaim (#4061)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/eleven-apricots-rest.md

---
"@clerk/clerk-js": minor
"@clerk/backend": minor
"@clerk/clerk-react": minor
"@clerk/types": minor
---

> Add a new experimental sessionClaim called `fva` that tracks the age of verified factor groups.

Author: ```suggestion
Experimental support: Expect a new sessionClaim called `fva` that tracks the age of verified factor groups.

### Server side

This can be applied to any helper that returns the auth object

**Nextjs example**

```ts
auth(). __experimental_factorVerificationAge
```

### Client side

** React **
```ts
const { session } = useSession()
session?. __experimental_factorVerificationAge
```

```
